is considered as the highest mountain in the Philippines. This is the most popular destination in Mindanao for mountain climbers. It is standing in the magnificent height of 2, 954 meters above sea level. “Apo” means grandfather, so Mount Apo means Grandfather of Philippine Mountains. It is situated in  between Davao City, Davao del Sur and Cotabato Provinces in the island of Mindanao.
is one of the frequently visited among the tourist spots in Mindanao. Lake Sebu provides quite beautiful scenes: the lake, the birds, misty leaves, the mountains and more. One of the main attraction in Lake Sebu is the Seven Falls Zipline that will give you a top view of 3 out of 7 waterfalls. Lake Sebu also supplies irrigation to Cotabato, Mindanao, Philippines.
is believe to be a secret place of healing by the natives living near the lake. It is surrounded by walls of granite and forest. There are 2 ways to get to the lake whether to trek or to dive. There is an underwater cave that connects the lake to the sea and most technical divers love this adventure. Lake Bababu is located in Surigao, Mindanao, Philippines.
is a beautiful crater lake of Mount Parker. Though trekking is a challenging one, many trekkers are going to the lake setting up a tent and bonfire and doing their things. Kayaking and swimming are also a popular activity in the lake. This beautiful lake is hidden in South Cotabato, Mindanao, Philippines.
is really naked. It is an island without trees or something really visible afar but just white sand and clear waters. This is a perfect place for swimming but it’s gonna be hot since you got nowhere to hide. Do not forget to bring your sunblock. This beautiful and naked island is located in the Surfing Capital of the Philippines, Siargao, Surigao del Norte, Mindanao.
is one of the luring mountains in Mindanao to mountain climbers. The mountain is a cone shape volcano not as perfect as Mount Mayon but it has something to boast. It is clothed with forest where different kinds of plants and animals are living. The soil at the foot of the mountain is fertile where you can find the Dole Pineapple Plantation. It is required that before climbing the mountain, you have to plant trees first.
is a very popular among the tourist spots in Mindanao when we talk about surfing. Siargao is the Surfing Capital in the Philippines where you can find the 9 shaped-wave known as Cloud 9. Surfers around the world love this kind of wave and that’s one of the reasons why they keep on visiting Siargao. There are also tourist spots near Cloud 9, like Naked and Dako Islands. Siargao is located in Surigao del Norte, Mindanao, Philippines.
is a majestic and most beautiful among the waterfalls in Mindanao and in the country. This is also called as the Twin Falls since a rock at the top divides the falls into two.  Gazing at the 98 meters drop of powerful waters will fill you with awe. Being developed by Angus VI Hydroelectric Plant, Maria Cristina Falls primarily provides electric power to the City of Iligan, Mindanao, Philippines.
is starting to carve its name in the list of tourist spots in Mindanao where it became a popular destination for whitewater rafting and river trekking. The wild clashing waters will surely bring out adrenaline rush.
of Camiguin Island marks the swept remains of the island’s rested locals. Driven underwater when Mt. Vulcan Daan erupted in 1870’s, the large cross has served the town's people, as well as the tourists, a scenic spot to memorialize the departeds buried there. sland’s famous Sunken Cemetery, marked by a cross standing in the middle of the sea, resulted from the birth of Mount Vulcan in 1871. 
Gloria fantasyland the 200 million-peso amusement park in Dapitan City, Zamboanga del Norte. Called Gloria’s Fantasyland, the amusement park promises children fun and excitement. The first and only amusement park in Visayas and Mindanao. Composed of 20 major rides, like the choco-cup ride, the midi-flume ride, the carousel, the swinger, the Apollo, the minitrain, a giant roller coaster, and interactive rides. The amusement park was inaugurated by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo last Ma 29, 2009
is a waterfalls located five kilometers southeast of Mambajao at the foot of Mt. Timpoong in the island of Camiguin. It measures about 250 feet which cascades to a rock pool surrounded by ground orchids, wild ferns, trees and boulders. Ice cold water provides an ideal summer splash to bathers and picnickers. The falls tumble down into a green pool, ideal for a refreshing swim. Giant ferns decorate the surrounding land, carpeting for space with huge trees and dropping vines. Rock picnic tables, seats and cookout facilities are available for use. Considered as one of the treasured gifts nature has bestowed Camiguin, the falls is maintained by the province and visitors are expected to pay a minimal entrance fee.
is an inactive volcano located in the Kitanglad Mountain Range in Bukidnon province onMindanao island. It is the fourth highest mountain in the Philippines and has an approximate height of 2,899 meters. It is located between Malaybalay City and the municipalities of Lantapan, Impasugong, Sumilao, and Libona.
is an urban public park in central Davao City, Mindanao, Philippines. The park is covered with lush vegetation, with more than 1,000 species of plants from all over the world, including Southeast Asia, Australia, Africa, and South America. The park is known for Mindanao artist Kublai Millan's sculptures of indigenous people, and its dancing fountain is a popular destination for locals at night. The park's visitor center is inspired by durians and has a large collection of many species of bamboos. It has been described as "one of the cleanest and greenest public parks" in the Philippines.
is a waterfall in Iligan City, Lanao del Norte in the southern Philippine island of Mindanao. It is one of the main tourist attractions in Iligan, a city known as the City of Majestic Waterfalls.Tinago is a Filipino term meaning "hidden", the falls being hidden in a deep ravine. Trekking to the falls requires approximately 500 descending steps called the winding staircase.The falls is high, its very cold waters cascading beautifully into a deep and calm basin-like pool which appears like a blue-colored lagoon. Under the falls is a small cave where people can enter and listen to the rumbling waters.
Located at Surigao del Sur, this river has been making rounds on social media, resulting to travelers both here and abroad to troop this place. Formally known as Hinatuan River, theEnchanted River has so many reasons why it's named as such. The locals had plenty of supernatural stories about this river. According to local folklore, some people mysteriously disappear without a trace. They claimed that the supernatural beings or enkantos took their souls to their world.
the Sacred Mountain of Tawi-Tawi. It is highly recommended though to hire a local guide when exploring Bud Bongao, most especially if it's your first time. Don't forget to bring bananas because the highest peak of the province is home to the Philippine long-tailed Macaques. As you make your way to the peak, the monkeys will welcome you in anticipation of being fed.
is a multi-tiered waterfall in Bislig, Surigao del Sur in the southern island of Mindanao,Philippines. Bislig, is a city known as the Booming City by the Bay. The falls itself has been featured in various International Travel Magazines and TV shows.The Tinuy-an falls are 95 m wide and 55 metres (180 ft) high, touted as the little Niagara Falls of the Philippines. Tinuy-an is a white water curtain that flows in three levels (with a fourth tier hidden from view) and is said to be the widest waterfall in the Philippines. Every morning, the area shows a rainbow between 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. One may also ride a raft to get close to its cascades and get a water “massage.”
dubbed by Filipino mountaineers as "D2", is one of the high elevation peaks in theKitanglad Mountain Range, located in the north central portion of the province of Bukidnon in the island ofMindanao. It is the second highest mountain of the Philippines at 2,941 metres (9,649 ft) above sea level, second only to Mount Apo of Davao at 2,956 m (9,698 ft) and slightly higher than Mount Pulag of Luzon, the third highest at 2,922 m (9,587 ft).
The Divine Mercy Shrine is a Catholic monument in El Salvador, Misamis Oriental, Philippines. It features a 15.24 meter statue of Jesus as the Divine Mercy as the focal point of Divine Mercy Hills, a tract of land overlooking Macajalar Bay on the southern island of Mindanao.
The General Santos Fish Port Complex (GSFPC), covering an area of 11 hectares, is strategically located in Barangay Tambler, General Santos City in South Cotabato. GSFPC is 32 km. South of the city proper, along the shores of Sarangani Bay.
The José Rizal Memorial Protected Landscape, also known as the Rizal Park and Shrine, is a protected landscape and memorial to the Philippines' national hero located in the city of Dapitan on the island of Mindanao. It preserves the farm site in barrio Talisay where José Rizal was exiled for four years from 1892-1896 after being accused of sedition and plotting the Philippine revolution in Manila by the Spanish colonial authorities. The protected area was established in 1940 as the Rizal National Park covering an initial area of 10 hectares (25 acres) through Proclamation No. 616 signed by President Manuel Luis Quezon. In 2000, it was enlarged to its present size of 439 hectares (1,080 acres) with a buffer zone of 15 hectares (37 acres) and was declared a protected landscape under the National Integrated Protected Areas System through Proclamation No. 279.
The ever changing city skyline of Davao is brought about by the tremendous infusion of foreign and local investments in the city. No businessman in his right mind would ever infuse fresh capital to a business venture without the clear guarantee of early return of, and sustainable income from his investments in mind. Absolute trust in the city government's dynamic leadership and confidence in  the stability of city's economic activities top among the list of very important considerations in a businessman's mind in his pursuit of doing business in the locality. Of course, the success of Davao City government's initiatives would have not been possible without the unwavering support of the Dabawenyos who, after all, ultimately reap and enjoy the benefits of the city's progress, and for whom only its elected leaders had purposely intended to provide for the upliftment, pride and dignity of its constituents. 
Along the Diversion Road in Davao City, there is a Japanese tunnel that dates back during the World War II. The tunnel was carved out of the hilly section of Matina Balusong, west of the city by Davao Prisoners of War in 1942. The tunnel was used by the Japanese as a hide-out, and as a means of transporting their equipment and mobilizing their forces against the American liberating army. It was accidentally discovered by the owners of the land while constructing a hotel. They were excavating the area when they uncovered damp passageways and rooms underneath the land, and soon discovered that those were tunnels used by the Japanese soldiers during the war.
The Real Fuerza de Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Zaragoza (Royal Fort of Our Lady of the Pillar of Zaragoza) also Fort Pilar is a 17th-century military defense fortress built by the Spanish colonial government in Zamboanga City, Philippines. The fort, which is now a regional museum of the National Museum of the Philippines, is a major landmark of the city and symbol of the its cultural heritage. Outside the eastern wall is a Marian shrine dedicated to Our Lady of the Pillar, the patroness of the city.
Dipolog Sunset Boulevard, or Foreshore Development and Wellness Center, is an esplanade in Dipolog, Philippines along a 1.6 kilometers stretch of foreshore spanning from Sta. Cruz of Barangay Central to Purok Bularan of Barangay Miputak. It is equipped with basketball courts and playground part. It is also the site of the annual "Pagsalabuk Festival" and motor company trade shows. There are two commercial buildings augmenting the presently existing restaurants, bars, and several food and beverage peddlers.
Known to many as the Bukidnon Monastery, the Monastery of the Transfiguration in the province of Bukidnon is one of the most visited religious communities in the Philippines. It is located on a hill in Barangay San Jose, Malaybalay City, Bukidnon. The pyramid structure was made by national artist Architect Leandro Locsin and was dubbed as a “Magnum Opus”, a Latin word which means “Great Work”. Architect Leandro Locsin (1928-1994) is a Negrense known as “The Architect of Space” and the Monastery is one of his famous works and one of his lasts.
Lon Wa or Long Hua, which means "Temple of the Dragon", is home to Kung Fu monks and nuns of the Philippine Academy of Shakya, a Buddhist religion movement. Many Chinese tourists and migrants visit this place to worship and pay respect.
An earlier church was built in the same area of the current cathedral in 1847. Said to have been built in Neo-Gothic style, the earlier church was built on the spot grabbed by Spanish conquistador Don Jose Uyanguren from the local Moro people led by Datu Bago. In the 1960s, Engineer Manuel Chiew reconstructed the church. It was not specified whether the present church is the result of that remodeling. The cathedral has been a witness to two bombing incidents. The first incident in 1981 which killed 17 people, and in 1993 with 7 deaths.
Considered as one of the busiest parks in General Santos, this P34 million Plaza Heneral Santos was unveiled to the public on September 4, 2009. On the night of the inauguration of the park, General Santos City Mayor Jun Acharon, Congresswoman Darlene Antonino-Custodio and First Lady Rose Acharon switched on the ceremonial button to signal the synchronized illumination of all the park’s lamp posts.
The City Hall of Zamboanga is a picture-perfect seat of local government in Western Mindanao's economic hub. This colonial-era building does not only exhibit its old world charm, but a significant landmark in the history--not just only of Zamboanga, but entire Mindanao and Sulu Archipelago.
Rizal Landing Site is one of the latest developed monuments in honor of the Philippines’ National Hero, Dr. Jose P. Rizal. Rizal Landing Site is situated in Sta. Cruz beach where Jose Rizal landed at 7:00 pm on July 17, 1892 to begin his expatriation life in Dapitan. Together with Captain Delgras and three artillery men, they walked through Sta. Cruz Street with a “farol de combate” or lantern going to the Casa Real. He was submitted to Don Ricardo Carnicero, a Spanish Military governor of Dapitan during that time. Later on his exile, Rizal made the Relief Map of Mindanao and the City Plaza Square. He attended Sunday Mass at the nearby St. James Church during his stay.
One of the structures built in the 16th century and continues to amaze the tourist of its tough and sturdy built is the Guiob Church Ruins made from coral stones. It is specifically located in Barangay Bonbon, Catarman, Camiguin and is one of the highly respected ancient structure in the Philippines. It was damaged due to the volcanic eruption on May 13, 1871.
The rosary was constructed out of magcomo or iron wood that is native to the mountains of Davao Oriental and Surigao del Sur. It was originally intended as a project of the Knights of Columbus to commemorate the silver anniversary of the Catholic diocese of Tagum City in 2005.
The first church was originally located at the front of Plaza Pershing, where the present Universidad de Zamboanga stands. The church was designated a cathedral in 1910 when the diocese of Zamboanga was created. In 1943, the cathedral was one of the edifices bombarded by Japanese soldiers during World War II. In 1956, the cathedral was relocated beside Ateneo de Zamboanga University, formerly known as the Jardin de Chino.
The stilts shows watermarks, and signs that dryness is but only a meter to a few inches for these locals. Day-Asan Floating Village a.k.a the Little Venice of Surigao City is not only a residential area but also a community that thrives on livelihood on the sea. Seven kilometers from the city proper of Surigao, it is also the jump off point for boat tours for a swim, and island hopping around the neighboring islands, and islets. 
The cathedral was built in honor of Our Lady of Holy Rosary who has been the patroness of the city. Not long ago, during the cholera epidemic in 1903, the Dipolognons also started putting themselves under the care and devotion of Saint Vincent Ferrer, in addition to Our Lady of Holy Rosary.
The T'boli, also known as the Tiboli or Tagabili, are among the indigenous peoples of SOCCSKSARGEN. Their traditional lands are located in the highlands between and including the municipalities of Surallah, Kiamba and Polomolok, including the municipality of T’Boli. This area includes the three lakes important to the T'boli: Lake Siluton, Lake Lahit, and Lake Sebu, located in the municipality of Lake Sebu.diamond buyer.
Gap Farming Resort is purely a farm resort with tropical trees, various fruit bearing trees and botanical gardens. The resort has an large swimming pool, horseback riding facilities, convention hall, and picnic areas. Historical and mythical statues , a parade of sculptured animals, a row of Philippine president busts, different tribes of Mindanao are among the many others attractions visitors will find within the Resort.
This is the Christ the King Cathedral in Tagum, Davao del Norte which is the biggest cathedral in the Philippines and where the world's largest and longest Rosary can be found. The cathedral sits on a 2 hectare donated land at the corners of Gonzales Avenue and Sobrecary Street in Magugpo, South of Tagum City, about 53 kilometers north of Davao City. It was in built in 1993 solely from donations and took 12 years to finish, in time for the celebration of the silver anniversary of the Diocese of Tagum City in 2005.
Located in Masao Butuan City, Agusan Del Norte, this site is believed to be where Magellan landed and made blood compact with Raja Siaiu. Antonio Pigafetta and the Official Chronicler of Magellan’s fleet wrote “as we have seen a fire on an island (Masawa) that night before, we anchored near it.” The bright light was the beckon in the darkness that guided Magellan’s fleet to the isle. “Masawa” means “bright” in Butuanon, the only language in the Philippines that contains the word.
The bridge was a project funded by Japan Bank for International Cooperation for the people of Butuan. However, it took several years before the project started (three presidential terms to be exact). It was lobbied to former President Ramos, then was approved by former President Estrada, and finally implemented during the time of former President Arroyo.
also known as Catatungan, is a volcanic mountain located in the province of Bukidnon in the southernPhilippines. It is a stratovolcano with no known historical eruptions and classified by the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (PHIVOLCS) as a potentially active volcano.It is the sixth highest mountain in the country with an elevation of 2,824 m (9,265 ft) asl. It is one of the several high elevation peaks in the Kalatungan Mountain Range in Bukidnon on the island of Mindanao, the second largest island in the Philippines.
is a complex volcano located in the province of Misamis Occidental in the southern island of Mindanao,Philippines. The least studied mountain range was formed through several volcanic activities some of which could be historical, evident by the presence of two calderas, surrounded by high rock walls, cinder cones, dome volcano plugs, two sulfurous hot springs, and a crater lake named Lake Duminagat. The amphitheater structures have extensive distribution of volcanic rocks, carbonized wood that are found in pyroclastic deposits. The entire mountain range is dissected by several canyons and ravinesmaking its terrain very rugged and the forested slopes covered with beautiful scenery
also known as Mount Calayo (literally "Fire Mountain") is an active volcano on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. It is 4.5 kilometres south of the city of Valencia, province of Bukidnon, and 81 km southeast of Cagayan de Oro City.
is a two-tiered waterfall located in Sitio Limunsudan Brgy. Rogongon,[1] Iligan City, in the province of Lanao del Norte, Philippines, 55 kilometers away from the City proper. It is said to be the Philippines' highest waterfall with the height of 870 feet, with the lower part cascading alone higher than the Maria Cristina Falls.
is a collection of three waterfalls located in Camaya Coast in the city of Mariveles, in the southwestern part of theBataan peninsula and province, Philippines.[1] The smallest, a 10.3-foot (3.1 m) waterfall, is the most accessible and one of the natural attractions in Camaya Coast, a private residential community and beach resort area currently under development.
is a waterfall and ecosystem located approximately 15 km southwest of Iligan City on the island of Mindanao, Philippines, specifically in barangay Abaga, Baloimunicipality, Lanao del Norte. The height of Abaga Falls is approximately twice that of the more famous Maria Cristina Falls also located within the proximity of Iligan City (in barangay Maria Cristina, Baloi municipality). Unlike Maria Cristina Falls, however, which is fed by the Agus river, the water source of Abaga Falls are several underground springs which flow into the top of Abaga Falls via several tributaries.
is a 20-metre (65.5 ft) high waterfall located in Barangay Bonbonon,[1] 14 km away from Iligan City[2] in Lanao del Norte province of the Philippines.
(also known as Catarman Volcano) is a stratovolcano on Camiguin Island in the Philippines.] It is one of the active volcanoes in the country and part of the Pacific ring of fire.