is undoubtedly the most visited among the tourist spots in Visayas. This is the favorite hangout of famous celebrities and tourists. Boasting it's white sand beach and extraordinary nightlife, Boracay really got the attention of many. Boracay is located in Malay, Aklan, Visayas, Philippines.
is a mysterious lake existed because of a 6.8 magnitude earthquake on 1925. The lake is surrounded by forest which is a perfect place to relax and have some fresh air. Swimming in the pool, kayaking in the lake, riding boats, zipline adventure are some of the things to do in Lake Balanan. The lake is situated in Siaton, Negros Oriental, Visayas, Philippines.
is a beautiful island that looks like disc from afar. This is a popular diving site in Visayas which is a home of thousands of sardines famous by the name The Sardine Run of Pescador Island. Dives are from 50 - 200 meters drop. The island has Cathedral underneath. It is huge hole with caves inside enough for a person to explore. This amazing dive site is located in Moalboan, Cebu, Visayas, Philippines.
as per the name implies, it is composed of hundred of cute chocolate-like hills. They look like chocolate because the hills are covered with grasses and during summer, grasses dries and make the hills look brown. This is one of the major attractions in Visayas where you can gaze one of the wonders of the earth. Chocolate Hills are located in Bohol, Visayas, Philippines.is an island located in the Visayan Sea, Philippines. It is situated to the west of the northern end of Cebu Island, across the Tañon Strait. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 136,960.famous tourist destination in Visayas for its powdery white sand beach. Walking barefoot into the shallow waters or in the shore, you can feel the soft sand underneath.  
is an island located in the Visayan Sea, Philippines. It is situated to the west of the northern end of Cebu island, across the Tañon Strait. According to the 2010 census, it has a population of 136,960
is one of three crater lakes rising 1,000 feet (300 m) above sea level located within the Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park, an 8,016.05 hectares (19,808.1 acres) protected area covering the municipalities of Valencia, Sibulan, and San Jose in the province of Negros Oriental, Philippines
is one of the most visited tourist spots in Visayas. Although it is an 81 steps high which represents 81 chapters in the scriptures of Taoism, many tourists and visitors climb it eagerly to know what's their fortune written in the fortune sticks. Getting to the top will need your extra energy. Cebu Taoist Temple is located in Cebu, Visayas, Philippines.
is the famous church in Visayas and the oldest church in the Philippines. The name was is inspired by the mystical story of Santo Niño offered by Spaniards which was untouched by fire when Spaniards burnt the barangays. The location where the Santo Niño was found is where Basilica De Santo Niño is still standing today.
Camotes Islands is a group of islands in the Camotes Sea, Philippines. The island group is located east of Cebu Island, southwest of Leyte Island, and north of Bohol Island. It is 34 nautical miles from Cebu City and is part of Cebu!
is considered to be the best summer destination in Bohol. Panglao island is where you can enjoy white sand beaches, great dive sites and cheap to world-class accommodations and awesome nightlife.
is a 20 metres (66 ft) bronze statue in Punta Engaño, Lapu-Lapu City, Cebu, Philippines, erected in honor of Lapu-Lapu, a native leader who defeatedSpanish soldiers led by the Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan in the 1521 Battle of Mactan. 
is a guitar-shaped lake on the island of Leyte, Philippines in the province of Leyte.The lake is covering an area of 148 hectares (370 acres). It is situated in the 2,193 hectares (5,420 acres) Lake Danao Natural Park, which also includes the Amandiwin mountain range. The lake is 18 kilometres (11 mi) northeast of Ormoc City, half an hour drive along the San Pablo - Tongonan and Milagro - Lake Danao roads.
is a 220-hectare mangrove forest located in Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines. The mangrove reforestation project started in 1990 when the local government and several non-government organizations transformed the muddy shoreline of Barangay New Buswang into a mangrove reforestation site to prevent flood and storm surges in the community. The park is dubbed as the Philippines' most successful mangrove reforestation project. The Eco-park is operated by the Kalibo Save the Mangroves Association (KASAMA). The word "bakhawan", in the local dialect, means "mangrove".
is a protected landscape area of forested limestone hills, grasslands and natural springs in the island province of Bohol in the Central Visayas region of the Philippines. It is the largest remaining tract of natural forest in Bohol and one of the Philippines' top birdwatching sites. The park was initially gazetted a national park in 1987 covering approximately 9,023 hectares (22,300 acres). In 2000, it was reestablished as a protected landscape under the National Integrated Protected Areas System covering its present area of 10,452.6 hectares (25,829 acres). The park is one of the island's major tourist attractions located just south of the famous Chocolate Hills. It was named after the Bohol chieftain who entered into a blood-compact with Spanish conquistador Miguel Lopez de Legazpi on the island in 1565. 
(Hiligaynon for Negrense House) is a museum in Silay City, Negros Occidental in the Philippines, showcasing the lifestyle of a late 19th-century Negrense sugar baron. It is notable for being the first museum to be established in the province of Negros Occidental. 
is a lighthouse in Liloan, Cebu in the Philippines..The lighthouse tower stands at a height of 172 feet in an uphill area overlooking the Mactan Channel. It sits on an elevated 5,000-sq m government property. With a focal plane of 146 feet,[2] the third-order flashing light was first lit on April 1, 1905.[3] The present octagonal tower is all masonry and painted white. The landmark was built by virtue of an executive order issued on July 28, 1903 byWilliam Howard Taft, the first American Governor-General of the Philippines who came to the country in 1900 as president of thePhilippine Commission. The point light was originally established in 1857 by the ruling Spanish Government.
also known as the Cuernos de Negros (Horns of Negros), is a complex volcano in the Philippine province ofNegros Oriental. At about 1,903 metres (6,243 ft) above sea level, it is the second highest mountain on Negros Island afterMount Kanlaon. The volcano is located 9 km (5.6 mi) southwest of the municipality of Valencia; and 20 km (12 mi) fromDumaguete City, the capital of the province.
is a densely populated island located a few kilometres from Cebu Island in the Philippines. The island is part of Cebu Province and it is divided into Lapu-Lapu City and the municipality of Cordova. The island is separated from Cebu by theMactan Channel which is crossed by two bridges: the Marcelo Fernan Bridge and the Mactan-Mandaue Bridge. The island covers some 65 km2 (25 sq mi) and is home to some 430,000 people, making it the nation's most densely populated island. Along with Olango Island Group, the isles are administered as 1 city and a municipality covering 75.25 km2 (29.05 sq mi).
formally Jaro Metropolitan Cathedral and the National Shrine of Our Lady of the Candles(Spanish: Santuario Nacional de Nuestra Señora de la Candelaria), is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Jaro. It is located in the district of Jaro in Iloilo City, Iloilo, on the island of Panay in the Philippines. It is under the original patronage of Saint Elizabeth of Hungary. 
is a Philippine island situated in the Visayan Sea, 6.8 kilometres (4.2 mi) across a shallow strait from the northernmost tip of Cebu Island. Administratively, it is part of the insular barangay of Logon, Daanbantayan, Cebu. Malapascua is a small island, only about 2.5 by 1 kilometre (1.55 by 0.62 mi), and has eight hamlets.
is one of the most accessible, making it a popular choice for locals and visitors. An easy 30-minute habal-habal ride from downtown Naval, it fills a narrow basin that reflects an enchanting teal color. Larger pools downstream also provide excellent swimming spots amidst the shade of centuries-old trees.
Imagine a castle like church with an architecture that would leave you awed. The Simala Shrine is home to the Monks of Mary. It is a famous place where people especially the Marian devotees to pray for thanks to the Virgin Mary. The church is adorned with pictures of the holy mother. You would also find a lot of testimonies of the Marian Devotees attesting to the miracles that they have experienced.
Located in Badian, Cebu, the water of this falls comes from the Mantalungon Mountain Range and drains to the Matutinao River. It is 15 minutes away from the main road and you only need to pay a minimal fee to access the area. There are two layers of this waterfall. The top layer is much preferred by those who want a lesser crowd. The bottom part is more popular among the tourists for its turquoise blue basin. Tourists like renting a bamboo raft to have an invigorating waterfall massage. Experience the pressure of the water coming from 40 feet above you as you stand on a raft.
is very famous not only to wanderlust like you and me but also to migratory species of birds who fly to the Philippine island during the cold seasons of their countries. The island sanctuary attracts approximately 40 000 migratory birds every year. According to the sanctuary's statistics there are about 97 species of birds here in this island, more than 50 percent of which are migratory species. So if you like bird watching then this is the place to be.
At the end of the day, the ascend is incomparable to the prize that awaits you at the peak. The view is really stunning and majestic. It's like a scene taken from a make believe story that we got the hang of listening to back when we were young. You will find a range of pointy mountains that looked like as if they were neatly placed close together to look like a mystical fortress of some sort. Osmeña Peak is located in Barangay Matalungon, which is approximately one and a half hours away from Cebu City.
Nothing would be more fitting than to end the list with Fort San Pedro, a timeless fortress that witnessed Cebu's transformation. Fort San Pedro was built during the Spanish Colonization period by the first governor general Miguel Lopez de Legazpi. This fortress is said to be the oldest and the smallest fort here in the Philippines.
If you're into snorkeling, well this is the place to be. Balicasag Island has a handful of breathtaking diving and snorkeling sites, namely the Marine Sanctuary, The Turtle Point, The Diver's Haven, The Black Forest, Royal Garden, and The Cathedral. Diving and snorkeling equipments are available for rent here should you need them.
It's a small strip of beach at Panglao Island. While it's not as commercialized as Alona Beach, [therefore suggesting that there's nothing much to do here aside from swimming and sun bathing] it's still has its very own vibe. If you have time to stop by then go take pictures of this post card worthy beach. Complete with fine white sand and clear blue waters you would definitely love to see this. Get your cameras ready for that cover pic worthy shots!
is a private and exclusive native style beach villa located on a seven hectare property in Pamilacan, a small island in Municipality of Baclayon which is famous for dolphin watching around its waters and a popular diving site for experienced divers. Pamilacan Island Paradise has a half kilometer private beachfront with cabanas and beach huts, perfect for those who want to experience the tranquility and solitude of being in their own island paradise.
is one of the major tourist attractions in Capiz. Declared as the National  Heritage by the national Chronological Commission in 1997, Sta. Monica Church houses in its 5-storey belfry a enormous bell whose thriving sound can be heard 10 kilometers away. It is made of 70 sacks of coins and weighs 10.4 tons, this is the biggest Catholic Church bell in Asia.
is an island in the Babuyan Islands in Luzon Strait north of Luzon Island in the Philippines. The whole island makes up the barangay of Dalupiri, which is part of the municipality of Calayan in Cagayan province, which had 606 inhabitants in 2007. The island can reached by boat from the Port of Aparri.
San Juanico Bridge, which is 2.16 kilometres (1.34 mi) long and connects the islands of Leyte and Samar across the San Juanico Strait, is the longest bridge in the Philippines. It was not significantly damaged due toTyphoon Haiyan and therefore was one of the critical gateways for the transportation of relief goods and the evacuation of refugees.
is located at the grounds of Magsaysay Boulevard. The park was severely damaged due to Typhoon Haiyan storm surge facing the sea.
is popular for overnight camping. The waters are crystal clear in this part of the Philippines and the corals are very healthy.  It is the farthest among the Cuatro Islas from the town of Inopacan. The stretches of sandbars in the island are stunning.
is located inside the Smallville Complex and is also a part of the MO2 complex adjacent to the West town Hotel along Diversion Road in Mandurriao District. El Dorado is an ancient South American legend about a lost city of gold which is also the theme of this resort - Pre-Spanish American and Mayan. El Dorado became one of the most visited waterpark in Iloilo City since it started operations in 2010.  It became popular due to its great Mayan temple inspired pools.
is a beautiful resort-spa in Panglao Island which is at the southernmost tip of Bohol Philippines. It is located halfway through Panglao along its coast facing Bohol Sea. It is a Sprawling Property which covers 16 hectares.
is set amidst the majestic expanse of mountain ranges in the inland municipality of Danao. It is a 5-kilometer walk from Barangay Magtanghoy. Approximately a two-hour drive from Tagbilaran City, about 92 kilometers away, the area is not easily accessible.
The church of Kalibo is of modern construction but retains some of the lines characteristic of the post war church, which in turn alludes to earlier church styles. The center of attention in this church is the image of the Santo Niño, in whose honor the annual Ati-atihan is celebrated.
are situated in the peak of Guihulngan so one can feel the extreme coolness of the air while viewing its beauty as well as that of the other places such as the Canlaon Volcano. Unlike the Chocolate Hills of Bohol, no two hills are alike in Hinakpan. Geologic forces cast all 237 limestone peaks in unique shapes and sizes. The picturesque barangay of Hinakpan was named after the abundant hardwood takpan trees in the area.
is located in Guiuan, Eastern Samar. It is a pearl culture farm; haven of rich marine life such as lobsters, shells, fishes, abalones, corals; clear blue waters and immaculately white coral beach; perfect site for scuba diving, fishing and swimming.
is a protected area of the Philippines that commemorates the historic landing of General Douglas MacArthur in Leyte Gulf at the start of the campaign to recapture and liberate the Philippines from Japanese occupation on 20 October 1944. This event led to the largest naval battle of World War II and Japan's eventual defeat and surrender after almost three years. The war memorial is located in the municipality of Palo on Leyte island In Eastern Visayas and is one of the region's major tourist attractions.
is one of the most beautiful waterfalls in the Philippines, it's a four layered of waterfalls that serves as most convenient way to enter the Sulpan Cave.
also known as the Sto. Tomas de Villanueva Parish Church is a Roman catholic church located in Miagao, Iloilo,Philippines. It was also called the Miagao Fortress Church since it served as defensive tower of the town against Muslim raids.
Up in the hills at Brgy Rizal, at an elevation of 172 meters above sea level overlooking Maasin City, the capital of Southern Leyte, is a small cave which was developed by its original owners into a shrine with a quaint chapel inside it. Over the years, the Monte Cueva de la Virgen Shrine has become a site for pilgrims and devotees and has become one of Maasin's popular tourist destinations.
is an Italian restaurant in a rural setting. It is located just before the approaches to the San Juanico Bridge, Samar side. It is linked to the popular Giusseppe's Restaurant in Tacloban City.
is a paradise for nature lovers. Its majestic scene is an attraction to tourists. It has pristine waterfall that exhibits a unique form made by nature. Its waters flow through the big rocks putting it into a picture of a fascinating landscape. Tarangban falls is found in Calbayog City. It is approximately 4 kilometers away from the highway of the town.
an old mansion located in the city Bacolod.
is located adjacent to the town of Palompon, Leyte so the port where we will ride a motorized boat to the island was just minutes walk away. Tabuk Marine Park is among the newest favorite destination among tourists and environmentalists in Eastern Visayas region.
A man-made pool was created from the river by constructing a concrete embankment so the water is kept at a certain level and allows it to overflow during heavy rains.
is one of them and located in the hinterland. You cannot come to Almeria without planning to visit these amazing falls. The walk to Ulan-Ulan takes you along a river, a mountain and several waterfalls in quick succession. It would take a minimum 30-minute walk to reach the place.
